v0.34.x: Rename Tendermint to CometBFT in /docs (backport #197) (#251)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/app-dev/abci-cli.md

Note that if we do `deliver_tx "abc"` it will store `(abc, abc)`, but if
we do `deliver_tx "abc=efg"` it will store `(abc, efg)`.

You could put the commands in a file and run
`abci-cli --verbose batch < myfile`.

Note that the `abci-cli` is designed strictly for testing and debugging. In a real
deployment, the role of sending messages is taken by CometBFT, which
connects to the app using three separate connections, each with its own
pattern of messages.

For examples of running an ABCI app with CometBFT, see the
[getting started guide](./getting-started.md).

## Bounties

> Want to write an app in your favorite language?! We'd be happy
> to add you to our [ecosystem](https://github.com/tendermint/awesome#ecosystem)!
> See [funding](https://github.com/interchainio/funding) opportunities from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to write an app in your favorite language?! We'd be happy
to help you out. See [funding](https://github.com/interchainio/funding) opportunities from the
```
